bash/misc/ctags .ctags
bash/misc/editor .editorconfig
bash/misc/gpg .gnupg/gpg.conf
bash/misc/gpg-agent .gnupg/gpg-agent.conf
bash/misc/hushlogin .hushlogin
bash/misc/lesskey .lesskey
bash/misc/logout .bash_logout
bash/misc/svgo .svgo.yml
bash/profile/profile .bash_profile
bash/runcom/ack .ackrc
bash/runcom/bash .bashrc
bash/runcom/curl .curlrc
bash/runcom/input .inputrc
bash/runcom/mail .mailrc
bash/runcom/ripgrep .ripgreprc
bash/runcom/wget .wgetrc
git/conf/config .gitconfig
git/conf/darwin .config/git/darwin
git/conf/linux .config/git/linux
git/hooks .config/git/hooks
git/templates .config/git/templates
git/attributes .config/git/attributes
git/ignore .config/git/ignore
git/message .config/git/message
